gRPC health checks security (#33093)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/health-checks.md

  * `NotServing` is reported when there are any health results of <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.HealthStatus.Unhealthy?displayProperty=nameWithType>.
  * Otherwise, `Serving` is reported.

### Health checks service security

gRPC health checks returns health status about an app, which could be sensitive information. Care should be taken to limit access to the gRPC health checks service.

> Access to the service can be controlled through standard ASP.NET Core authorization extension methods, such as <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.AuthorizationEndpointConventionBuilderExtensions.AllowAnonymous<TBuilder>(TBuilder)> and <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.AuthorizationEndpointConventionBuilderExtensions.RequireAuthorization<TBuilder>(TBuilder)>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access to the service can be controlled through standard ASP.NET Core authorization extension methods, such as [`AllowAnonymous<TBuilder>`](/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.builder.authorizationendpointconventionbuilderextensions.allowanonymous) and [RequireAuthorization<TBuilder>](/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.builder.authorizationendpointconventionbuilderextensions.requireauthorization).
```

> For example, if an app has been configured to require authorizaiton by default, configuration the gRPC health checks endpoint with `AllowAnonymous()` to skip authentication and authorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if an app has been configured to require authorizaiton by default, configure the gRPC health checks endpoint with `AllowAnonymous` to skip authentication and authorization.
```
